packages/algolia-personalization/README.md, before:

# Algolia Magento 2

An implementation of Algolia personalization/Analytics through the GraphQL Mesh.

## Prerequisites

1. Make sure you have configured @graphcommerce/algolia-mesh.
2. As this is an extension of the google-datalayer. Make sure you have installed
   @graphcommerce/google-datalayer

## Installation

1. Find current version of your `@graphcommerce/next-ui` in your package.json.
2. `yarn add @graphcommerce/algolia-personalization@9.0.0` (replace 9.0.0 with
   the version of the step above)

## Configuration

1. In your algolia dashboard make sure, you have personalization enabled.
2. Continue to browse the site, and make sure your events are logged in de event
   debugger in your algolia dashboard. In the under left corner.
   `Data Sources > Events > Debugger`. Once you've collected several events, you
   can start configuring personalization
3. in `Enchance > personalization` setup the strategies. Note: if you can't find
   some events, make sure you have send several.

Commit message:

Separate out the personalization functionality and allow enabling/disabling the functionality

packages/algolia-personalization/README.md, after:

# Algolia Magento 2

An implementation of Algolia personalization/Analytics through the GraphQL Mesh.

## Prerequisites

1. Make sure you have configured @graphcommerce/algolia-mesh.
2. As this is an extension of the google-datalayer. Make sure you have installed
   @graphcommerce/google-datalayer

## Installation

1. Find current version of your `@graphcommerce/next-ui` in your package.json.
2. `yarn add @graphcommerce/algolia-personalization@9.0.0` (replace 9.0.0 with
   the version of the step above)

## Configuration

1. See [Config](./Config.graphqls) for the configuration values. Add the
   following to your graphcommerce.config.js:

   ```js
   const config = {
     // Even if you do not use personalization, enabling analytics still allows you to track events in Algolia.
     algoliaEnableAnalytics: true,
     algoliaPersonalizationEnabled: true,
   }
   ```

2. In your algolia dashboard make sure, you have personalization enabled.
3. Continue to browse the site, and make sure your events are logged in de event
   debugger in your algolia dashboard. In the under left corner.
   `Data Sources > Events > Debugger`. Once you've collected several events, you
   can start configuring personalization
4. in `Enchance > personalization` setup the strategies. Note: if you can't find
   some events, make sure you have send several.
