docs/magento/known-issues.md, before:

---
menu: Known issues
---

# Known issues

An overview of bugs and limitations you may run into with Magento's GraphQL API:

## Cart-related mutations result in `Can not find cart with ID` or `Cart isn't active` errors

Affected Magento versions:

- `2.4.7`: fixed after 2.4.7-beta1
- `2.4.6`: all versions

This is caused by a regression which results in some GraphQL errors no longer
getting a category extension string (such as `graphql-no-such-entity`).
Normally, these errors are handling by automatically creating a new cart, but
without the proper error category this error-handling logic is nog triggered.

As a workaround, you can apply
[cart-error-category.patch](./patches/cart-error-category.patch).

See also
https://github.com/magento/magento2/commit/49cbe774020d3dfa6ee2b8702376a947801c9971

## After adding a product to cart with custom options, options are not saved and/or retrieving the cart results in an error

Affected Magento versions:

- `2.4.7`: unknown, see below
- `2.4.6`: all versions

When adding a product to cart, custom options are not processed and saved
correctly, and can result in an error on the `Cart.items.errors.message` field
when subsequently retrieving the cart, if the product had required custom
options.

The observed error happens because no value is given for the non-nullable
`message` field, however the original error occurs due a required custom option
not being present on the cart item, as the custom options we not saved correctly
during the previous `addProductsToCart` call.

Note that although the relevant PR for this fix was merged, the fix seems to
have gotten reverted and is not present in 2.4-develop at the time of writing,
and may not be included in the final release of 2.4.7.

As a workaround, you can apply
[fix-custom-option-processing.patch](./patches/fix-custom-option-processing.patch).

See also:

- Original PR: https://github.com/magento/magento2/issues/37599
- PR regarding revert of fix: https://github.com/magento/magento2/issues/37928

## Adding products to cart with pre-existing items that are out of stock always results in an error

Affected Magento versions:

- `2.4.7`: fixed after 2.4.7-beta2
- `2.4.6`: all versions

This is due to an inconsistency between errors that are reported through the
`AddProductsToCartOutput.user_errors` field and those on the cart items, which
make it impossible to differentiate between errors cause by the product that was
being added, and those from pre-existing cart items.

As a workaround you can apply
[fix-cart-user-error-reporting.patch](./patches/fix-cart-user-error-reporting.patch).

See also:

- Issue: https://github.com/magento/magento2/issues/37908
- PR with fix: https://github.com/magento/magento2/pull/38014/files

## Next steps

- [Overview](./readme)

Commit message:

Document patch for bundle selection product visibility issue

docs/magento/known-issues.md, after:

---
menu: Known issues
---

# Known issues

An overview of bugs and limitations you may run into with Magento's GraphQL API:

## Cart-related mutations result in `Can not find cart with ID` or `Cart isn't active` errors

Affected Magento versions:

- `2.4.7`: fixed after 2.4.7-beta1
- `2.4.6`: all versions

This is caused by a regression which results in some GraphQL errors no longer
getting a category extension string (such as `graphql-no-such-entity`).
Normally, these errors are handling by automatically creating a new cart, but
without the proper error category this error-handling logic is nog triggered.

As a workaround, you can apply
[cart-error-category.patch](./patches/cart-error-category.patch).

See also
https://github.com/magento/magento2/commit/49cbe774020d3dfa6ee2b8702376a947801c9971

## After adding a product to cart with custom options, options are not saved and/or retrieving the cart results in an error

Affected Magento versions:

- `2.4.7`: unknown, see below
- `2.4.6`: all versions

When adding a product to cart, custom options are not processed and saved
correctly, and can result in an error on the `Cart.items.errors.message` field
when subsequently retrieving the cart, if the product had required custom
options.

The observed error happens because no value is given for the non-nullable
`message` field, however the original error occurs due a required custom option
not being present on the cart item, as the custom options we not saved correctly
during the previous `addProductsToCart` call.

Note that although the relevant PR for this fix was merged, the fix seems to
have gotten reverted and is not present in 2.4-develop at the time of writing,
and may not be included in the final release of 2.4.7.

As a workaround, you can apply
[fix-custom-option-processing.patch](./patches/fix-custom-option-processing.patch).

See also:

- Original PR: https://github.com/magento/magento2/issues/37599
- PR regarding revert of fix: https://github.com/magento/magento2/issues/37928

## Adding products to cart with pre-existing items that are out of stock always results in an error

Affected Magento versions:

- `2.4.7`: fixed after 2.4.7-beta2
- `2.4.6`: all versions

This is due to an inconsistency between errors that are reported through the
`AddProductsToCartOutput.user_errors` field and those on the cart items, which
make it impossible to differentiate between errors cause by the product that was
being added, and those from pre-existing cart items.

As a workaround you can apply
[fix-cart-user-error-reporting.patch](./patches/fix-cart-user-error-reporting.patch).

See also:

- Issue: https://github.com/magento/magento2/issues/37908
- PR with fix: https://github.com/magento/magento2/pull/38014/files

## Bundle selection products are not shown due to their visibility setting

Affected Magento versions:

- `2.4.6`: all versions

The `BundleItemOption.product` GraphQL field is returned as `null` if the
product visibility is set to not be visible in the catalog (which you may not
want).

As a workaround you can apply the following patches:

- [fix-bundle-selection-visibility-catalog.patch](./patches/fix-bundle-selection-visibility-catalog.patch)
- [fix-bundle-selection-visibility-related.patch](./patches/fix-bundle-selection-visibility-related.patch)

See also https://github.com/magento/magento2/issues/37774

## Next steps

- [Overview](./readme)
